Project Overview:
Project simulates a county consisting of farms. 
The project simulates how various farmers fight over the same piece of land(as land is limited in a county), predicting how the number of livestock and land taken by each farmer changes. 
By predicting the change in livestock of each farmer, the program demonstrates how the success of various individuals depends on supply and demand as well as natural crises.
As the simulation continues, the number of farmers will most likely decrease, showing how money slowly congregates in the hands of the few.
The project will simulate changes in the livestock and land of each farmer over 300 years, reevaluating the livestock of each farmer every 5 years.

Implementation:
std::map will store farmer data with each farmer and his livestock as a key-value pair.
The key in each pair will store the farmer name while the value will store an std::array containing 3 std::lists, one for the livestock name, one for livestock count, and one for the land taken by each type of livestock.
Each simulation of changes in a farmer's belongings only directly changes livestock, but the amount of livestock determines land and value of the farmer.

Simulated Events:
Land is split into segments, with each segment being able to support a specific number of each type of livestock.
Each segment can only support one type of livestock - can be attributed to each type of livestock requiring specific farm equipment and buildings
Simulation focuses on changes in livestock first.
For each farmer, change in livestock is calculated.
Livestock count can change through the following processes:
 - propogation: population increase is based on livestock cap and rate of growth varies by species
 - natural death: chance of death varies between livestock species
 - sudden illness: all livestock have equal chance of becoming ill
 - plague: farmer loses most of a livestock species
After livestock change, program determines changes in land. If there is available land, it is randomly split between existing farmers
 - when land is given to a farmer, there is an equal chance of it going to any livestock species or going to a new species
Value of each livestock for each farmer is then calculated based off of livestock type and livestock count
 - If value of any livestock species is less than 25, farmer sells corresponding land as rent is more than earnings.
If a farmer loses all of his land, he goes bankrupt and is no longer included